website/src/pages/download.md, before:

---
title: Download
---

# Download

The official Apache OpenDAL (incubating) releases are provided as source artifacts.

## Releases

The latest source release is [0.44.1](
https://www.apache.org/dyn/closer.lua/incubator/opendal/0.44.1/apache-opendal-incubating-0.44.1-src.tar.gz?action=download) ([asc](https://downloads.apache.org/incubator/opendal/0.44.1/apache-opendal-incubating-0.44.1-src.tar.gz.asc),
[sha512](https://downloads.apache.org/incubator/opendal/0.44.1/apache-opendal-incubating-0.44.1-src.tar.gz.sha512)).

For older releases, please check the [archive](https://archive.apache.org/dist/incubator/opendal/).

## Notes

* When downloading a release, please verify the OpenPGP compatible signature (or failing that, check the SHA-512); these should be fetched from the main Apache site.
* The KEYS file contains the public keys used for signing release. It is recommended that (when possible) a web of trust is used to confirm the identity of these keys.
* Please download the [KEYS](https://downloads.apache.org/incubator/opendal/KEYS) as well as the .asc signature files.

### To verify the signature of the release artifact

You will need to download both the release artifact and the .asc signature file for that artifact. Then verify the signature by:

* Download the KEYS file and the .asc signature files for the relevant release artifacts.
* Import the KEYS file to your GPG keyring: 

    ```shell
    gpg --import KEYS
    ```

* Verify the signature of the release artifact using the following command:
  
    ```shell
    gpg --verify <artifact>.asc <artifact>
    ```

### To verify the checksum of the release artifact

You will need to download both the release artifact and the .sha512 checksum file for that artifact. Then verify the checksum by:

```shell
shasum -a 512 -c <artifact>.sha512
```

Commit message:

chore: trim incubator prefix everywhere (#4016)
Signed-off-by: tison <wander4096@gmail.com>

website/src/pages/download.md, after:

# Apache OpenDAL™ Downloads

The official Apache OpenDAL releases are provided as source artifacts.

## Releases

The latest source release is [0.44.1](
https://www.apache.org/dyn/closer.lua/opendal/0.44.1/apache-opendal-incubating-0.44.1-src.tar.gz?action=download) ([asc](https://downloads.apache.org/opendal/0.44.1/apache-opendal-incubating-0.44.1-src.tar.gz.asc),
[sha512](https://downloads.apache.org/opendal/0.44.1/apache-opendal-incubating-0.44.1-src.tar.gz.sha512)).

For older releases, please check the [archive](https://archive.apache.org/dist/opendal/).

For even older releases during the incubating phase, please check the [incubator archive](https://archive.apache.org/dist/incubator/opendal/).

## Notes

* When downloading a release, please verify the OpenPGP compatible signature (or failing that, check the SHA-512); these should be fetched from the main Apache site.
* The KEYS file contains the public keys used for signing release. It is recommended that (when possible) a web of trust is used to confirm the identity of these keys.
* Please download the [KEYS](https://downloads.apache.org/opendal/KEYS) as well as the .asc signature files.

### To verify the signature of the release artifact

You will need to download both the release artifact and the .asc signature file for that artifact. Then verify the signature by:

* Download the KEYS file and the .asc signature files for the relevant release artifacts.
* Import the KEYS file to your GPG keyring: 

    ```shell
    gpg --import KEYS
    ```

* Verify the signature of the release artifact using the following command:
  
    ```shell
    gpg --verify <artifact>.asc <artifact>
    ```

### To verify the checksum of the release artifact

You will need to download both the release artifact and the .sha512 checksum file for that artifact. Then verify the checksum by:

```shell
shasum -a 512 -c <artifact>.sha512
```
