bindings/c/README.md, before:

# Apache OpenDAL™ C Binding (WIP)

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-unreleased-red)

![](https://github.com/apache/opendal/assets/5351546/87bbf6e5-f19e-449a-b368-3e283016c887)

## Example

A simple read and write example

```C
#include "assert.h"
#include "opendal.h"
#include "stdio.h"

int main()
{
    /* Initialize a operator for "memory" backend, with no options */
    opendal_result_operator_new result = opendal_operator_new("memory", 0);
    assert(result.operator_ptr != NULL);
    assert(result.error == NULL);

    /* Prepare some data to be written */
    opendal_bytes data = {
        .data = (uint8_t*)"this_string_length_is_24",
        .len = 24,
    };

    /* Write this into path "/testpath" */
    opendal_error *error = opendal_operator_write(op, "/testpath", &data);
    assert(error == NULL);

    /* We can read it out, make sure the data is the same */
    opendal_result_read r = opendal_operator_read(op, "/testpath");
    opendal_bytes read_bytes = r.data;
    assert(r.error == NULL);
    assert(read_bytes.len == 24);

    /* Lets print it out */
    for (int i = 0; i < 24; ++i) {
        printf("%c", read_bytes.data[i]);
    }
    printf("\n");

    /* the opendal_bytes read is heap allocated, please free it */
    opendal_bytes_free(&read_bytes);

    /* the operator_ptr is also heap allocated */
    opendal_operator_free(&op);
}
```

For more examples, please refer to `./examples`

## Prerequisites

To build OpenDAL C binding, the following is all you need:

- A compiler that supports **C11** and **C++14**, _e.g._ clang and gcc

- To format the code, you need to install **clang-format**

  - The `opendal.h` is not formatted by hands when you contribute, please do not format the file. **Use `make format` only.**
  - If your contribution is related to the files under `./tests`, you may format it before submitting your pull request. But notice that different versions of `clang-format` may format the files differently.

- (optional) **Doxygen** need to be installed to generate documentations.

For Ubuntu and Debian:

```shell
# install C/C++ toolchain
sudo apt install -y build-essential

# install clang-format
sudo apt install clang-format

# install and build GTest library under /usr/lib and softlink to /usr/local/lib
sudo apt-get install libgtest-dev

# install CMake
sudo apt-get install cmake

# install Rust
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
```

## Makefile

- To **build the library and header file**.

  ```sh
  mkdir -p build && cd build
  cmake ..
  make
  ```

  - The header file `opendal.h` is under `./include`

  - The library is under `../../target/debug` after building.

- To **clean** the build results.

  ```sh
  cargo clean
  cd build && make clean
  ```

- To build and run the **tests**. (Note that you need to install Valgrind and GTest)

  ```sh
  cd build
  make tests && ./tests
  ```

- To build the **examples**

  ```sh
  cd build
  make basic error_handle
  ```

## Documentation

The documentation index page source is under `./docs/doxygen/html/index.html`.
If you want to build the documentations yourself, you could use

```sh
# this requires you to install doxygen
make doc
```

## License and Trademarks

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Apache OpenDAL, OpenDAL, and Apache are either registered trademarks or trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation.

Commit message:

docs: Better ways to users showcase (#5720)
Signed-off-by: Xuanwo <github@xuanwo.io>

bindings/c/README.md, after:

# Apache OpenDAL™ C Binding (WIP)

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-unreleased-red)

![](https://github.com/apache/opendal/assets/5351546/87bbf6e5-f19e-449a-b368-3e283016c887)

## Example

A simple read and write example

```C
#include "assert.h"
#include "opendal.h"
#include "stdio.h"

int main()
{
    /* Initialize a operator for "memory" backend, with no options */
    opendal_result_operator_new result = opendal_operator_new("memory", 0);
    assert(result.operator_ptr != NULL);
    assert(result.error == NULL);

    /* Prepare some data to be written */
    opendal_bytes data = {
        .data = (uint8_t*)"this_string_length_is_24",
        .len = 24,
    };

    /* Write this into path "/testpath" */
    opendal_error *error = opendal_operator_write(op, "/testpath", &data);
    assert(error == NULL);

    /* We can read it out, make sure the data is the same */
    opendal_result_read r = opendal_operator_read(op, "/testpath");
    opendal_bytes read_bytes = r.data;
    assert(r.error == NULL);
    assert(read_bytes.len == 24);

    /* Lets print it out */
    for (int i = 0; i < 24; ++i) {
        printf("%c", read_bytes.data[i]);
    }
    printf("\n");

    /* the opendal_bytes read is heap allocated, please free it */
    opendal_bytes_free(&read_bytes);

    /* the operator_ptr is also heap allocated */
    opendal_operator_free(&op);
}
```

For more examples, please refer to `./examples`

## Prerequisites

To build OpenDAL C binding, the following is all you need:

- A compiler that supports **C11** and **C++14**, _e.g._ clang and gcc

- To format the code, you need to install **clang-format**

  - The `opendal.h` is not formatted by hands when you contribute, please do not format the file. **Use `make format` only.**
  - If your contribution is related to the files under `./tests`, you may format it before submitting your pull request. But notice that different versions of `clang-format` may format the files differently.

- (optional) **Doxygen** need to be installed to generate documentations.

For Ubuntu and Debian:

```shell
# install C/C++ toolchain
sudo apt install -y build-essential

# install clang-format
sudo apt install clang-format

# install and build GTest library under /usr/lib and softlink to /usr/local/lib
sudo apt-get install libgtest-dev

# install CMake
sudo apt-get install cmake

# install Rust
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
```

## Makefile

- To **build the library and header file**.

  ```sh
  mkdir -p build && cd build
  cmake ..
  make
  ```

  - The header file `opendal.h` is under `./include`

  - The library is under `../../target/debug` after building.

- To **clean** the build results.

  ```sh
  cargo clean
  cd build && make clean
  ```

- To build and run the **tests**. (Note that you need to install Valgrind and GTest)

  ```sh
  cd build
  make tests && ./tests
  ```

- To build the **examples**

  ```sh
  cd build
  make basic error_handle
  ```

## Documentation

The documentation index page source is under `./docs/doxygen/html/index.html`.
If you want to build the documentations yourself, you could use

```sh
# this requires you to install doxygen
make doc
```

## Used by

Check out the [users](users.md) list for more details on who is using OpenDAL.

## License and Trademarks

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Apache OpenDAL, OpenDAL, and Apache are either registered trademarks or trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation.
