website/community/pmc_members/onboarding.md, before:

---
title: Onboarding
sidebar_position: 1
---

This document primarily serves as a guide for new PMC members to Apache OpenDAL™.

Upon receiving an invitation email from OpenDAL PMC, a new PMC member should consider whether accepting.
If they decide in favor, they should select "Reply All" and express their decision.

### Subscribe to Private Mailing List

1. Send email to [private-subscribe@opendal.apache.org](mailto:private-subscribe@opendal.apache.org)
2. You will receive an email with the subject "confirm subscribe to private@opendal.apache.org"
3. Reply to the email with "Confirm" in the body

If you receive an email with the subject "WELCOME to private@opendal.apache.org", you have successfully subscribed to the private mailing list.

It's required for PMC members to subscribe the private mailing list. The private list is only for confidential discussions that should not be made public, such as the suitability of a particular individual to become a committer or a member of the PMC.

Commit message:

docs: New PMC member Liuqing Yue
Signed-off-by: Xuanwo <github@xuanwo.io>

website/community/pmc_members/onboarding.md, after:

---
title: Onboarding
sidebar_position: 1
---

This document primarily serves as a guide for new PMC members to Apache OpenDAL™.

Upon receiving an invitation email from OpenDAL PMC, a new PMC member should consider whether accepting.
If they decide in favor, they should select "Reply All" and express their decision.

## Subscribe to Private Mailing List

1. Send email to [private-subscribe@opendal.apache.org](mailto:private-subscribe@opendal.apache.org)
2. You will receive an email with the subject "confirm subscribe to private@opendal.apache.org"
3. Reply to the email with "Confirm" in the body

If you receive an email with the subject "WELCOME to private@opendal.apache.org", you have successfully subscribed to the private mailing list.

It's required for PMC members to subscribe the private mailing list. The private list is only for confidential discussions that should not be made public, such as the suitability of a particular individual to become a committer or a member of the PMC.

## Setup 1Password Secrets Access

Once you have been added to OpenDAL's PMC member list, you will gain the access to all OpenDAL's secrets.

- Please refrain from modifying secrets in the `Services` vault as this could disrupt our integration tests.
- Ensure that you keep all secrets secure and avoid sharing them with others or making them public. Do not commit them anywhere else.

## Read PMC Member Guide

Please read [PMC GUIDE](https://www.apache.org/dev/pmc.html) to know about the general responsibilities of Project Management Committee (PMC) members in managing our project and common how-to procedures for day to day maintenance.
