## S3Config

### `bucket`: `str`

bucket name of this backend.

required.

### `root`: `str`

root of this backend.

All operations will happen under this root.

default to `/` if not set.

### `enable_versioning`: `_bool`

is bucket versioning enabled for this bucket

### `endpoint`: `str`

endpoint of this backend.

Endpoint must be full uri, e.g.

- AWS S3: `https://s3.amazonaws.com` or `https://s3.{region}.amazonaws.com`
- Cloudflare R2: `https://<ACCOUNT_ID>.r2.cloudflarestorage.com`
- Aliyun OSS: `https://{region}.aliyuncs.com`
- Tencent COS: `https://cos.{region}.myqcloud.com`
- Minio: `http://127.0.0.1:9000`

If user inputs endpoint without scheme like "s3.amazonaws.com", we
will prepend "https://" before it.

- If endpoint is set, we will take user's input first.
- If not, we will try to load it from environment.
- If still not set, default to `https://s3.amazonaws.com`.

### `region`: `str`

Region represent the signing region of this endpoint. This is required
if you are using the default AWS S3 endpoint.

If using a custom endpoint,
- If region is set, we will take user's input first.
- If not, we will try to load it from environment.

### `access_key_id`: `str`

access_key_id of this backend.

- If access_key_id is set, we will take user's input first.
- If not, we will try to load it from environment.

### `secret_access_key`: `str`

secret_access_key of this backend.

- If secret_access_key is set, we will take user's input first.
- If not, we will try to load it from environment.

### `session_token`: `str`

session_token (aka, security token) of this backend.

This token will expire after sometime, it's recommended to set session_token
by hand.

### `role_arn`: `str`

role_arn for this backend.

If `role_arn` is set, we will use already known config as source
credential to assume role with `role_arn`.

### `external_id`: `str`

external_id for this backend.

### `role_session_name`: `str`

role_session_name for this backend.

### `disable_config_load`: `_bool`

Disable config load so that opendal will not load config from
environment.

For examples:

- envs like `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`
- files like `~/.aws/config`

### `disable_ec2_metadata`: `_bool`

Disable load credential from ec2 metadata.

This option is used to disable the default behavior of opendal
to load credential from ec2 metadata, a.k.a, IMDSv2

### `allow_anonymous`: `_bool`

Allow anonymous will allow opendal to send request without signing
when credential is not loaded.

### `server_side_encryption`: `str`

server_side_encryption for this backend.

Available values: `AES256`, `aws:kms`.

### `server_side_encryption_aws_kms_key_id`: `str`

server_side_encryption_aws_kms_key_id for this backend

- If `server_side_encryption` set to `aws:kms`, and `server_side_encryption_aws_kms_key_id`
is not set, S3 will use aws managed kms key to encrypt data.
- If `server_side_encryption` set to `aws:kms`, and `server_side_encryption_aws_kms_key_id`
is a valid kms key id, S3 will use the provided kms key to encrypt data.
- If the `server_side_encryption_aws_kms_key_id` is invalid or not found, an error will be
returned.
- If `server_side_encryption` is not `aws:kms`, setting `server_side_encryption_aws_kms_key_id`
is a noop.

### `server_side_encryption_customer_algorithm`: `str`

server_side_encryption_customer_algorithm for this backend.

Available values: `AES256`.

### `server_side_encryption_customer_key`: `str`

server_side_encryption_customer_key for this backend.

Value: BASE64-encoded key that matches algorithm specified in
`server_side_encryption_customer_algorithm`.

### `server_side_encryption_customer_key_md5`: `str`

Set server_side_encryption_customer_key_md5 for this backend.

Value: MD5 digest of key specified in `server_side_encryption_customer_key`.

### `default_storage_class`: `str`

default storage_class for this backend.

Available values:
- `DEEP_ARCHIVE`
- `GLACIER`
- `GLACIER_IR`
- `INTELLIGENT_TIERING`
- `ONEZONE_IA`
- `EXPRESS_ONEZONE`
- `OUTPOSTS`
- `REDUCED_REDUNDANCY`
- `STANDARD`
- `STANDARD_IA`

S3 compatible services don't support all of them

### `enable_virtual_host_style`: `_bool`

Enable virtual host style so that opendal will send API requests
in virtual host style instead of path style.

- By default, opendal will send API to `https://s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/bucket_name`
- Enabled, opendal will send API to `https://bucket_name.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com`

### `batch_max_operations`: `_int`

**deprecated**: Please use `delete_max_size` instead of `batch_max_operations`Set maximum batch operations of this backend.

Some compatible services have a limit on the number of operations in a batch request.
For example, R2 could return `Internal Error` while batch delete 1000 files.

Please tune this value based on services' document.

### `delete_max_size`: `_int`

Set the maximum delete size of this backend.

Some compatible services have a limit on the number of operations in a batch request.
For example, R2 could return `Internal Error` while batch delete 1000 files.

Please tune this value based on services' document.

### `disable_stat_with_override`: `_bool`

Disable stat with override so that opendal will not send stat request with override queries.

For example, R2 doesn't support stat with `response_content_type` query.

### `checksum_algorithm`: `str`

Checksum Algorithm to use when sending checksums in HTTP headers.
This is necessary when writing to AWS S3 Buckets with Object Lock enabled for example.

Available options:
- "crc32c"

### `disable_write_with_if_match`: `_bool`

Disable write with if match so that opendal will not send write request with if match headers.

For example, Ceph RADOS S3 doesn't support write with if match.

### `enable_write_with_append`: `_bool`

Enable write with append so that opendal will send write request with append headers.

### `disable_list_objects_v2`: `_bool`

OpenDAL uses List Objects V2 by default to list objects.
However, some legacy services do not yet support V2.
This option allows users to switch back to the older List Objects V1.

### `enable_request_payer`: `_bool`

Indicates whether the client agrees to pay for the requests made to the S3 bucket.

